Welcome to the one of the 15 student hostels which are state
of the art and gender segregated.
They are designed to cater to individual requirements of personal space
while also incorporating a culture of shared living.
As we step inside the common room, you'll immediately feel the inviting
atmosphere. Take a look around. We have plenty
of comfortable chairs and tables perfect for unwinding after
a long day of classes or catching up with friends.
These rooms offer recreational facilities such as tv,
foosball, table tennis and space for club activities.
If you're feeling peckish between meals, we've got you covered with our handy
vending machine. The hostel facilities
are spread over 15 buildings across the campus.
As you enter one of the single occupancy rooms, you'll find modern
amenities including a wall mounted rod,
wrinkle free clothes, a spacious study table
with a shelf for storage, and an almira with plenty of
compartments. The room features a comfortable bed
perfectly sized for one person. Next to the bed,
a small side table keeps essentials handy.
Let's explore the features of another essential the
washroom area. As we step inside the spacious layout,
you'll notice eight restrooms maintaining privacy and comfort
for all residents. Moving forward, we have eight
water taps with sinks providing ample space to freshen up.
We have nine bathing stalls on the right side which provide hot water
24/7 welcome to the spacious
study room at Senayoe Hostel where academic excellence meets
comfort and convenience. Youll immediately notice
the abundance of space available for studying and collaboration.
The study room is designed to accommodate both group study sessions
and individual study preferences.
All study rooms have lan ports on the desk that offer data at
high speed to be utilized on a rotating basis by all resident
students. Welcome to our pantry. Here youll find appliances
like egg boiler, kettle, toaster and do sculpt.
On the right we have the multipurpose oven, induction stove,
common utensils and a water cooler. You'll notice that the area is
well ventilated, providing a clean and comfortable environment.
If you have any questions, just let me know.